The announcement of the visit to the depot was 這個 Vault Air Defense
The land barriedoshkd文部隊 traffic command Grappling Department tens of over.
After ön Quéiqui, the Level I and TV
The Anomal Airborne Spy Command is at or without comfortably.
Overall deal is without wissen,
",
Ladies and gentlemen, please enjoy the Generation 있지 de lut any
Following ladies and gentlemen, took first but first
Luci搜
Now the old german
And all the paper
It's dangerous!
Singapore was the base of the British-Towards invasion.
From the sky of the East Asia to the sky of the whole world, news of the Singaporean fall is flying.
Singapore was forced to surrender unconditionally to the Japanese forces in Malaya at 7.50pm on the 15th.
On the 15th of February, the Japanese troops arrived in Malaya.
At 7.50pm on the 15th of February, the Singaporean forces were forced to surrender unconditionally to the Japanese forces in Malaya.
The Japanese troops arrived in Malaya.
After the July 17th
On the 16th
On the 17th